f-http@v0.4.0 - Support all HTTP methods (#935)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/services/f-http/README.md

}
```

### Alternative Implementation

> If you would rather create the HTTPClient when you use it, thats fine too; its just means it can't be reused as easily and you will need to filter the configuration options down to the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would rather create the HTTPClient when you use it, that's fine too; it's just means it can't be reused as easily and you will need to filter the configuration options down to the component.
```

timeout | How long each request takes to timeout | number | 10000
errorCallback | A function you can use to globally handle errors (accepts error object) | function | null
contentType | Specify a value for the content type header | string | 'application/json'
instanceName | Name the client so that stats and logs can be grouped by a specific API | string | 'Generic Front End'

<hr>

## Client Methods
These are all of the methods exposed by the httpClient

Method | Description | Parameters
------------- | ------------- | -------------
get | Perform a GET request for a resource | resource URL _[string]_, headers _[array]_
post | POST a resource | resource URL _[string]_, body _[object]_, headers _[array]_
put | Perform a PUT on a resource | resource URL _[string]_, body _[object]_, headers _[array]_
patch | Perform a PATCH on a resource | resource URL _[string]_, body _[object]_, headers _[array]_

> get | DELETE a resource | resource URL _[string]_, headers _[array]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delete | DELETE a resource | resource URL _[string]_, headers _[array]_
```
